# Lesson 14: What color's your ...

> Imagination is the true magic carpet. ---- Norman Vincent Peal.


## Words 

1. blanket: 毛毯
2. carpet: 地毯
3. case: 箱子
4. dog: 狗

5. umbrella: black
6. car, blue
7. shirt, white
8. coat, grey
9. blouse, yellow
10. tie, orange
11. hat, grey and black
12. dog, brown and white
13. case, maroon (adj. 褐红色的)
14. carpet, purple


## Make sentences.

1. Steven/car/blue
+ What color's Steven's car?
+ Is it a black car?
+ It isn't black car, it's a blue car.

2. Tim/shirt/white
+ What color's Tim's shirt?
+ Is it a yellow shirt?
+ It isn't a yellow shirt, it's a white shirt.

3. Sophie/coat/grey
+ What color's Sophie's coat?
+ Is it a pink coat?
+ It isn't a pink coat, it's grey coat.

4. Mrs. White/carpet/red
+ What color's Mrs. White's carpet?
+ Is it a purple carpet?
+ It isn't a purple carpet, it's a red carpet.

5. Dave/tie/orange
+ What color's Dave's tie?
+ Is it a blue tie?
+ It isn't a blue tie, it's orange tie.

6. Helen/dog/brown and white
+ What color's Helen's dog?
+ Is it a grey and black dog?
+ It isn't a grey and black dog, it's a brown and white dog.

7. Hans/pen/green
+ What color's Han's pen?
+ Is Han's pen gold?
+ It isn't a gold pen, it's a green pen.

8. Luming/suit/grey
+ What color's Luming's suit?
+ Is it a brown suit?
+ It isn't a brown suite, it's a grey suit.

9. Stella/pencil/blue
+ What color's Stella's pencil?
+ Is it a maroon(adj. 褐红色的) pencil?
+ It isn't a maroon pencil, it's a blue pencil.

10. Steven/hat/grey and black
+ What color's Steven's hat?
+ Is it brown and silver(adj. 银（白）色的)?
+ It isn't brown and silver, it's grey and black.

11. Xiaohui/handbag/brown
+ What color's Xiaohui's handbag?
+ Is it a yellow handbag?
+ It isn't a yellow handbag, it's brown handbag.

12. Sophie/shirt/yellow
+ What color's Sophies's shirt?
+ Is it a green shirt?
+ It isn't a green shirt, it's yellow shirt.






