# 2023-11-24 Attractive by physical body.

## Phrases 

1. `Your tongue is hanging out of your mouth.`: Loke a dog look at meats, put it's tounge out of mouth . To describe someone is attracted. A bit sexual and impolite.

2. `You are undressing her by your eyes.`: It means as the literal.

3. `Look at the way she sway when she walks.`: sometimes, women walk on the street, they sway their body naturally, it looks very attractive.
    + `sway` means move your body from a side to another side.

4. `ogle sb.`: means to `look at somebody` in a long time with a strong sence of sexual attractions, to `stare at somebody` impolite, which make the others are unpleasant.
    + `/ ˈoʊɡ(ə)l /` [有道词典: ogle](https://dict.youdao.com/result?word=ogle&lang=en)
    + **Tom**: Don't ogle her that way, or her husband will come over for you.
    + **Jerry**: I'm not ogling, I just admire the perfection of the body.
 
4. `check out`: To `look at`.
    + Jennifer, come to check out that handson man.

5. `gaze at`: To look at, to `stare at`.
    + If you don't stop to gaze at pretty girl, I'll leave here right now.

6. `show off`: to show something to others, but wish the others to admire it.
    + 1. **Lucy**: Look at the dress, Jenny. My husband give me as our anniversary present. It costs 1,000 bucks. 
    + 1. **Jenny**: You know you're showing off.
    + 2. The man always shows off his muscles.
    + 3. She is showing her perfection body.


## Vocabulary

1. `swimwear`: the kind of cloth for swimming.
2. `bikini`: a kind of swimwear. In the record, it says `tini-tidy bikini`.
3. `beach`: somewhere near a big lake or sea is full of sand
4. `hottie` and `babe`
    + A `hottie`: is sb is beautiful, very attractive. But it's with a bit sexual meaning. 
    + A `babe` is also used to say women attractive. the is a little old word, but it also can be used right now.
5. `guy`: **Guy** (singular) means a man. **Guys** (plural) means men or men with women.
    + He is talking to a guy. The guy means a man, definitely.
    + Hello guys. Means hello everyone, include man and women if there are.


### Other

1. `authenticate`: `/ ɔːˈθentɪkeɪt /`, If you authenticate something, you state officially that it is genuine after examining it.
    + you're authenticated to access this page.
