# 2023-11-01 phrasal verbs 动词短语


4. cancel the party:
    + 

1. Brin`g u`p - to mention somthing
    + don't bring up that, 
2. brin`g i`t on/up: to acceptio a challange with confidence.
    + you want to have a raise, bring it on.

3. cut off: to interupt or stop something.
    + Althought his father is rich, he cuts off their relations.

4. cu`t in`: to interupt someone
    + the teacher cuts him in to answer the answer.

5. Fall apart: to stop working or break into pieces.
    + the glass drops, and it falls apart.

5. fall for (someone): to fall in love with someone.
    + She look so charming I couldn't avoid falling for her.

6. thumb`s u`p

7. gi`ve ou`t: to hand out or distribute something.
    + I give out all my money to the homeless.

8. Go ahead: to go in front of someone, or to give permission.
    + Go ahead, to be who you want to be. (give permission)
    + She goes ahead the line and buy a ticket. (to go in front of someone)

9. Han`g ou`t: to spend time with someone, casually.
    + Let's hang out to have some beer tongiht.

10. loo`k u`p: to check the meaning of something
    + I don't know this word, and I look up the dictionary check it.

11. pay back: to give someone back that you own

12. Tur`n a`round: to move so you're facing the opposite direction.
    + Tom turns around his car and drive to next city.

13. Wor`k ou`t: to exercise
    + I usually work out before going to office.
    + I work in the gym to build my body.

14. break through: to overcome an obstacle or make a significant archievement.
    + Nothing can stop me, I'll break throught all to get my archievement.

